

We are going to write our implementation to save a product.
A product have an image, a type, a name, the amount and category of the product.

Before we are going to configure AWS S3.



AWS S3 Bucket Configuration:
---

collecting the image of the product and saving it in a cloud storage.

we are going to be saving the link to that image on our
database in line with details of the product.

we are going to use AWS S3 Bucket ..

-----
saving images of the product on s3 bucket with the help of access key
First go to aws console
search iam and click on it. in left side go to users and create a user and attach a policy and search s3 click AmazonS3FullAccess and click on Next and create user. And in next click on the user and create access key click on others and click on next and type in description and click on create.
copy access key and configure in application.properties.

and then go to aws console search S3 and create a bucket. untick block all public access. and create a bucket. click on bucket and go to properties and go to policy and in bucket policy write a script to access images which is stored in bucket.
copy paste bucket script and in Resource replace with Bucket ARN and save changes. and again go to bucket and upload image.
click on image and copy link and paste it in chrome. so we can access image in chrome.



Note:
--
First check whether secreteJwtString is defined in application.properties.
then configure aws.s3.access and aws.s3.secrete in application.properties.
In AwsS3Service configure bucketName, Region, "https://" +bucketName+ " .com/" +s3FileName

Note:
--
S3 Bucket is basically just a folder on AWS that we store files on.so you can store images, multimedia files in this.
We can store static files you can user to deploy your frontend.
So its just a place a bucket its more like a container that you store files on.


BucketPolicy:
--
Here I am going to be writing a policy for so that the items of this bucket would be accessible to the public, so that whenever
we save an item here, I want to receive an item using the URL. Those items will be allowed by the public to access. So i am
going to write a script within the bucket policy.

search bucket policy script in gpt. only we have to change Resource.
Then upload image and we get the image link and this will be accessible everywhere.

saving this image url in our database.
so we can easily reference the products on our S3 bucket whenever we want to get the picture of that product.

In service create

AwsS3Service.java
